---
  layout: "post"
  title: "Work together to achieve sustainability"
  excerpt: "In the 2021 Presidents Cup Hackathon, with the theme of \"Sustainability 2.0･Island of Resilience\", hackers were invited to actively submit proposals to participate in the hackathon in order to exercise Taiwan's inherent resilience and develop a powerful solution."
  image: "https://presidential-hackathon.taiwan.gov.tw/assets/img/theme/main.jpg\""
  author: "唐鳳、彭筱婷"
  category: "blog"
  tags: 
    - "社會創新"
---


Since the outbreak of the COVID-19 epidemic at the end of 2019, it has caused more than 170 million confirmed cases and 3.74 million deaths worldwide, and it has not stopped so far. 

The epidemic prevention actions over the past year have given the world a deep understanding that "resilience" in the face of various systemic risks is more important than the "efficiency" pursued in the past. In 2020, Taiwan’s civil society and the government will collaborate across domains to use open government data to produce a “mask map” to stabilize epidemic prevention materials; in response to the recent changes in the local epidemic, when 1922, the eMask system was fully prepared last year, we are in Within one day, a "messaging system" was developed to ensure that people can quickly and safely record their footprints and effectively support the epidemic. This is because Taiwan has long been accustomed to cross-domain cooperation to smoothly integrate ideas and technologies from all parties. 

This year's fourth "Presidents Cup Hackathon" is an important field for civil servants, friends from the private community, and international teams to try to solve problems collaboratively. The "President Cup Hackathon" is based on the application of digital technology, allowing the energy that was originally dispersed in government departments and private communities to gather the driving force of "policy innovation," and the concept of walking with the people can be implemented in government policies. In the past, in the domestic Songs, we have presented excellent proposals such as the "One Stop for First Aid" that combines emergency care and resources, and the "Healthy Weather Risk Warning Platform" built in response to global warming. International Pine has also proposed a variety of fields such as social housing maps and transparency of public expenditures, which are all based on data and technological innovation, and work with private partners to create the best model of solutions. 

Therefore, the 2021 Presidents Cup hackathon will be based on the theme of "Sustainability 2.0･Resilient Island". From the perspective of national sustainable development, it will focus on "human capital", "circular economy", and "accelerating energy transition There are 7 major areas and 18 topics including carbonization, "sustainable food and agricultural ecological conservation", "smart and resilient urban and rural", "digital transformation", and "cross-domain integration". Hackers are invited to actively submit proposals to take advantage of Taiwan’s inherent resilience. Work out powerful solutions. 

In recent years, mankind has faced serious counterattacks from nature. Whether it is the Amazon rainforest fire that has severely damaged the environment and ecology, or the melting of glaciers triggering sea level rise, it is showing warning signs of the earth; currently more than 120 countries have proposed By 2050, the goal of net zero emissions will be reached. Therefore, we set the theme of this year’s President’s Cup International Pine as "Sustainability 2.0 – Climate Action". Whether it is disaster warning, post-disaster recovery and adjustment, carbon footprint survey, or implementation of the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, we hope that The Presidents Cup hackathon has become a platform for hackers from all over the world to contribute to global issues. Any international hackers who are willing to find solutions together can propose solutions and take action to mitigate climate change together. 

At this time when it is difficult to meet physically, we provide a place for friends who share the same ideas to connect with each other through online collaboration and cross-border connections. This is what the President’s Cup hackathon is doing and what Taiwan continues to do The world warms up. The domestic pine and international pine of the Presidents Cup hackathon have both started soliciting submissions on May 14 and will end on July 16. Everyone is welcome to join the ranks of facing challenges and creating solutions together. 
